Docs: Add Storybook guidelines (#22465)
grafana/grafana: contribute/style-guides/storybook.md

# Why creating stories

> [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) is a tool which we use to manage our design system and the components which are a part of it. Storybook consists of stories: each story representing a component and a case in which it is used. To show a wide variety of use cases is good both documentation wise and for troubleshooting - it might be possible to reproduce a bug for an edge case in a story.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) is a tool which we use to manage our design system and the components which are a part of it. Storybook consists of _stories:_ each story represents a component and a case in which it is used. To show a wide variety of use cases is good both documentation wise and for troubleshooting -- it might be possible to reproduce a bug for an edge case in a story.
```

> In short:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storybook is:
```

- A good way to publish our design system with its implementations
- Used as a tool for documentation
- Used for debugging and displaying edge cases

# How to create stories

Stories for a component should be placed next to the component file. The Storybook file requires the same name as the component file. For example, a story for `SomeComponent.tsx` will have the file name `SomeComponent.story.tsx`.

## Writing stories

> When writing stories we use the [CSF format](https://storybook.js.org/docs/formats/component-story-format/). For more in depth information on writing stories see [Storybook’s documentation on writing stories](https://storybook.js.org/docs/basics/writing-stories/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing stories, we use the [CSF format](https://storybook.js.org/docs/formats/component-story-format/). For more in-depth information on writing stories, see [Storybook’s documentation on writing stories](https://storybook.js.org/docs/basics/writing-stories/).
```

> With the CSF format the default export defines some general information about the stories in the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the CSF format, the default export defines some general information about the stories in the file:
```

- `title`: Where the component is going to live in the hierarchy

> - `decorators`: a list which can contain wrappers or provide context, such as theming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `decorators`: A list which can contain wrappers or provide context, such as theming
```

```jsx
// In MyComponent.story.tsx

import MyComponent from './MyComponent';

export default {
  title: 'General/MyComponent',
  component: MyComponent,
  decorators: [ ... ],
}

```

> When it comes to writing the actual stories, you continue in the same file with named exports - which are turned into the story name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it comes to writing the actual stories, you continue in the same file with named exports. The exports are turned into the story name.
```

```jsx
// Will produce a story name “some story”
export const someStory = () => <MyComponent />;
```

> If you want to write cover cases with different values for props you don’t need to create a new story - using Knobs is usually enough. This will be covered further down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to write cover cases with different values for props, then using knobs is usually enough. You don’t need to create a new story. This will be covered further down.
```

## Categorization

We currently have these categories:

- Docs Overview - Guidelines and information regarding the design system
- Forms - Components commonly used in forms such as different kind of inputs
- General - Components which can be used in a lot of different places
- Visualizations - Data visualizations
- Panel - Components belonging to panels and panel editors

> # Writing MDX documentation

Reviewer: Please add a short intro after this heading to provide context for the information in this section.

Also, it is a best practice to only have one h1 per topic, which is the h1 at the top of this page. Please change this to h2 and adjust the subheadings accordingly.

## Link the MDX file to a component’s stories

An MDX file is basically a markdown file with the possibility to add jsx. These files are used by Storybook to create a “docs” tab. To link a component’s stories with an MDX file you have to do this:

```jsx
// In TabsBar.story.tsx

import { TabsBar } from "./TabsBar";

// Import the MDX file
import mdx from "./TabsBar.mdx";

export default {
  title: "General/Tabs/TabsBar",
  component: TabsBar,
  parameters: {
    docs: {
      // This is the reference required for the MDX file
      page: mdx,
    },
  },
};
```

> ## The structure of an MDX file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## MDX file structure
```

There are some things that the MDX file should contain:

> When and why the component should be used

Reviewer: Please make this a bulleted list.

Best practices - dos and don’ts for the component
Usage examples with code. It is possible to use the `Preview` tag to show live examples in MDX
Props table. This can be generated by doing the following

```jsx
// In MyComponent.mdx

import { Props } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import { MyComponent } from "./MyComponent";

<Props of={MyComponent} />;
```

### MDX file without a relationship to a component

> An MDX file can exist by itself without any connection to a story. This can be good for writing things such as a general guidelines page. Something that is required when the MDX file has no relation to a component is a `Meta` tag that says where in the hierarchy the component will live. It can look like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An MDX file can exist by itself without any connection to a story. This can be good for writing things such as a general guidelines page. Something that is required when the MDX file has no relation to a component is a `Meta` tag that says where in the hierarchy the component will live. It can look like this:
```

```jsx
<Meta title="Docs Overview/Color Palettes"/>

> # Guidelines for using colors

Reviewer: See earlier comment about h1 headings.

Author: In this example it makes sense, since it is the main title of the document

Reviewer: No, it is the main title of the section. If you want to make it a main title of the document, then it needs to be the beginning of a different document.

Reviewer: NVM, I see what you are saying.

...

```

> It is also possible to add parameters to the Meta tag. This examples shows how to hide the tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add parameters to the Meta tag. This example shows how to hide the tools:
```

```jsx
<Meta title="Docs Overview/Color Palettes" parameters={{ options: { isToolshown: false }}}/>

> # Guidelines for using colors

Reviewer: Apply earlier comments about h1s throughout doc.

...

```

> # Documenting component properties

Reviewer: Please add a small introduction here to provide context to people reading this section.

## Comments

When writing the props interface for a component, it is possible to add a comment to that specific property, which will end up in the Props table in the MDX file. The comments are generated by [react-docgen](https://github.com/reactjs/react-docgen) and are formatted by writing `/** */`.

```jsx
interface MyProps {
  /** Sets the initial values, which are overridden when the query returns a value*/
  defaultValues: Array<T>;
}
```

> ## Using knobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Knobs
```
